Does.
Alright.
Does anyone want to go fast?
Um.
I can share my thing. First, is
it easier if I share my screen
To show. Yeah. OK.
Yeah.
or should I just send a link to
the document?
I think if you can share your
screen.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I'm probably need
to be recorded. And I think so.
OK.
Ohh yeah, good point.
Yeah.
So for me, the bit that I had
ten with was.
Right in the scenarios.
And I was looking at the example
he gave us in the in the
handouts in the.
OK, wow, you, you got a lot down
okay.
I tried to use the book as a.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's a lot, yeah.
Yeah.
I said God.
Yeah, that's that's fantastic.
Hmm.
Alright.
Alright, do do you do you want
to talk us through them or?
Ohh well I don't like to talk.
Ohh, how do we do it?
If you can't trust, read.
Yeah.
OK.
Got a nightclub goer.
I've got a nightclub though,
about the only one I wrote.
Pictures. So what's the first
two bullet points?
These are.
Um, I basically tried to create
some in the book they were
talking about user stories,
which are done.
With this.
Template like us.
X user I want to be able to do
thing the so that I something
like that was just a basically
template from the book. I tried
to use.
But I didn't get very far with
with that thing. So.
I focused more on the user's
Canaria stuff.
Yeah, yeah, that's looks good.
OK.
I think we. Yeah, you've got
some good things that we can
definitely use.
Yeah, definitely.
I can go next again.
OK.
And show how.
Yeah.
Or do you want to go? Kudos.
Now you go mine is way way.
It's nothing as polished as
that. It's just actually just
Alright.
got down like uh feature list
and.
And uh, persona now still.
Yeah. Anyway, you'll go and now
mine is just a small thing.
Ohh yeah OK.
Give me a second.
To share the screen.
Okay So what I did is.
I use the trailer board.
OK.
Can you see my screen?
Wow.
Yeah.
Um.
So what you've got, Liz, is
quite good. We can just.
Thinking instead of writing what
documents we can put them on
Hmm.
the.
On the board I've. I'm not sure
if we can, but maybe we can
submit the link to the board.
Hmm. Yeah. Gonna try to do that.
Because there's a reason there's
a reason why he wants us to use
Hmm.
treadless, right?
So what I have here is
basically.
We call these cards.
So one card is a feature and
then a user story. I didn't go
to detail cause I wanted to just
show.
High level what?
Well, how was? How was thinking
we can use the trailer board.
And then you can see is colour
coded so features are in this
colour user story this car
colour.
Ohh.
And then you have the.
Title of the feature.
And then if you dig into it.
As.
What's the benefit of this
feature so?
Ohh my future was showed list of
available taxes on the map.
On the benefit is it allows
users to get the view how many
taxes are available in the areas
and the proximity to the user's
location, and then within the
feature and acceptance criteria.
That's a taxi. This is where
maybe we need to come up with
some.
Personas.
Yeah, I think we should create
some a list of personas, so I
Hmm.
just said there's a taxi user
wanted to say full by user, but
your plan you.
The name Uber.
As a as a naughty by user.
Yeah, that's probably better,
yeah.
And then as the that the user I
want to get this I want to get a
list of available taxis so that
I can.
The time in the options, the
data.
And then.
Cause I I got this inspiration
from Google and there was also
architectural.
Or how they were creating it.
They had this part here as well.
I contectual runway needs.
Hmm.
Not sure how we can use that,
but it just then.
We need to map a Pi key to be
able to display the map on the
page.
Ben.
So that's one feature.
And.
Then we've got the users
stories, so feature is the high
level and then it's broken down
into user story.
Yeah.
Um, yeah. Again, it's got the
description of the user story.
We want to be able to display a
map to the user.
In future stories, the Marple
allowed users to view taxis, all
those on the map.
Them and then this time I used.
A different format for
acceptance criteria given when
then.
Giving them a taxi use like 1
navigates to the taxis page,
then the map is displayed.
And yeah, and then the other
story is pretty much the same.
So what I did is so the feature
here is to show a list of
available taxes on the map.
And then.
Ohh, I broke it down into
stories. What do we need to do
to show taxis on the map?
Plus we need to display them up
on the page.
And then after you've got the
map, load them up. Then you show
the cars on the map.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Yeah, that's very good.
Yeah, and that was my idea. But
I think we can brainstorm and
come up with more things. Yeah.
Yeah.
So um.
Ohh let you go Cuddles.
The the thing that I was just
thinking of on that one is.
Hmm.
We're going. We're gonna have to
do what you've done. We're
definitely gonna have to do it.
But I was. I just wasn't sure
whether that's what we needed to
do for this first bit. Cause
that's just before I came on. I
was just looking at that.
Hmm.
But I suppose it's a question
that we can also ask him
tomorrow.
Hmm.
Yeah, yeah.
Um cause?
Yeah, I was looking at the
requirements of the of the set
of this phase.
And.
Hmm.
And it sounds like it goes your
initial work on the not use. The
application will involve the
development of documentation for
persona scenarios, user stories
and feature identification.
Hmm.
You should create.
Hey you should create documents
for DS artefacts.
Yeah.
Um, so um.
Yeah.
I actually like what you've done
here, but.
Yeah, anyway.
Which which we will have to do
when we start dealing with the
work. So the work will obviously
come in user stories like you
let them out, but it will be
features that will breakdown
Hmm.
into user stories and then we'll
go about.
Yeah, we both we, we implement
those user stories.
I.
It's not. It's. It's good. It's
good anyway.
Let me share my minimal.
Or is it?
Chess.
There you go. It's just in a
text file, so you have to bear
with me.
Share your screen.
Yeah.
Alright.
So um.
I had. I had the list of
features that I was that I was
just.
As this using a still just using
it as a can you see my screen by
the way before I stop rumbling
none yeah I just started.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
List of features that they
would.
That we will have to, well, we
might have to consider.
Um.
It's the it's not even I was. I
was just like I said, I was
looking at the.
That was where is it now?
Anyway, I was looking at the.
Yeah, I was looking at this. The
requirements just just before I.
Ohh.
Ohh, just before 7:00 o'clock
I'm just there and I saw that he
actually listed some features
that we have to.
Implement already? Well, he gave
us some, some, and then it's.
It said you and and you can go
beyond what is.
What is giving us so um.
Yeah.
Yeah, mine was just.
Yeah. So we need to use it to be
able to create an account, log
in and out of the account.
And then as thy okay, so we need
riders and we need drivers.
So the person alien the taxi
will be the right and then the
driver. That's obvious so.
So one of the.
I I guess I guess this most of
this will be for this um, for
this Phase I guess.
Cause I I put in there you need
to be able to book a trip from
home from so you will have a
home location and then if you're
not at home if you're booking a
trip from somewhere else you'll
be able to.
Because that there might be two
different things. So.
And that's for the rider. The
rider will be able to set a trip
destination.
Selected driver that's
available.
And then if you driver, you need
to be able to set your
availability.
Um.
Except the right to request.
And when the riders complete you
maca riders complete.
The application should be able
to calculate the cost even if it
just going to be something fake
that we're going to put there,
but.
Should be able to show something
and then the rider should be
able to read, leave a review and
the drivers should be able to
leave a review of the.
So.
Yeah, that's very good.
Yeah, that's not good. Good list
of. I think you've got them.
Ohh.
All of them? Pretty much, yeah.
Yeah. So and then that was that
was felt like this is more like
writing fiction. Then the
personas just.
But I think the personas wasn't
too bad. It was when I go to the
scenario and I was looking at
the scenarios that they gave us
in class, how detailed it was
and I'm like, I don't even know
anything about this application
apart from the fact that the
user will want to.
They want the rider will want to
book a ride and the and the
driver will want to.
We'll want to accept it, right?
But anyway, the persona that I
came up with was also a someone
that's going clubbing and they,
you know, I would, I don't know
whether I maybe I should squeeze
it in there.
So that you can see the whole
thing.
That should have written it a
word, but I'm just so used to
writing then.
A text file.
It's fine as long as we can read
it. That's all that matters,
Yeah.
yeah.
I think for the personas.
Yeah.
You're pretty much nailed it. I
think that's a only two people
that use.
Ohh, but afraid his riders and
drivers.
Yeah.
Yeah. So.
Thank you for mail bit. Yeah.
Yeah.
I can't. I can't think of anyone
else. Maybe.
Um.
5.
And argue admin, yeah.
Maybe someone that yeah not mean
person there someone that works
Yeah.
for not Uber. Yeah.
Hmm yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's that's the, that's
the third person that's that's
just missing.
Yeah.
So um.
Yeah. And then like I said, that
didn't I didn't.
At the mental block for the
scenarios actually cause I just
didn't know.
And then the next thing would
have been used the stories.
Um.
When when you've got users
stories, it helps you with the
scenarios because.
OK.
Scenario is just basically.
The journey through.
Which is.
The application, yeah.
Yeah.
So for example, yeah.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's funny
that, um, I suppose because the,
the, the whole thing is
contrived is the other way
around, isn't it?
Yeah.
Your scenario. Um.
Your scenarios is what generate
the user stories.
And.
Cause you you know, you sort of
get.
You you talk to the people and
they tell you what they want to
do and what they want to do is
the scenarios and then you write
the user stories from there.
But they want to do.
But anyway.
Ohh cause I the way we we pretty
much do this at work the way we
So sorry, go.
do it is once you've got the
feature you break it down into
OK.
stories.
Yeah.
And then the stories will give
you the scenarios.
OK.
Because.
What we.
With the thing with agile,
right?
He doesn't know one way of doing
it.
Yeah.
Hmm.
I mean there is there is a
structure that you have to
follow obviously, but.
Yeah.
Yeah, people do. You can.
Give it your own flavour, I
guess.
Hmm.
So so so.
Hmm.
Once you've got the features and
the user stories, what do you
use the scenarios for? I mean
the user stories is what you
implement.
And to get to get the features,
the functionality. So what
Yeah.
So this scenarios.
what's the scenarios for?
Is used for for that. For
testing that your your.
Okay.
Your app is actually working, so
for example.
If you go back, go to your
feature, go up.
Yeah.
Ohh users create an account
right?
Yeah.
That is a feature.
Yeah.
Ohh.
One story could be.
Um.
Should show the login page.
Yeah. So that's the story. And
then your scenario will be.
OK.
If you the way we do it is using
given one then which is a way to
Yeah.
write scenarios.
Or acceptance criteria is.
Open line is a spot the same
thing, so you would say.
Yeah.
Or you could say ohh you can use
as that so.
Hmm.
As a.
As a driver, if, when.
I.
Yeah.
As a driver.
When I navigate to the Uber app
then the login page is
displayed.
Sorry, simple.
Okay.
So that would be a scenario.
Yes. Now it will just be what do
you expect that up to do? What
Alright.
do you expect? Yeah.
And so so so during testing,
you'll make sure that that's the
case.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah. OK.
Okay.
Yeah, it's good to know.
Yeah.
Yeah. OK. Right.
So I guess we just have to add,
um, me and kudos.
Yeah, whatever we have written
to the trailer board.
Hmm.
I guess I guess we need to bring
it together somehow.
Yeah.
M.
Exactly, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. To make it 1
coherent.
Peace.
I don't know how we're going to
do that.
I think so.
You've got a list of features
there.
Yeah.
Um.
Lisa's got some features.
Yep.
We're just add to this list.
Okay.
With those speeches?
And then we create users. We
create a list of users stories.
Hmm.
I think persona's.
I think Cody's you've pretty
much, yeah, like I said, you've
got the right one ones, yeah.
Ohh.
Maybe I don't. We just need to
add admin or someone so we can
Yeah.
use the personas you've got
because you've nailed it.
OK.
And.
We guess we can create a list of
user stories.
Um.
Yeah, I think.
Maybe. Maybe Liz, you can share.
You can send us what you've got.
So maybe could US can add it to
this.
Yeah.
Page this list.
But we and then after we've come
up with a like you say, could
this. We don't know if the
documentation is actually.
Yeah.
One big document or is it?
On Trello.
Yeah.
So we we can have it as a doctor
in one document and then
Yeah.
transfer it, create those in
Trello.
OK.
Yeah, definitely.
Tonight. Promise sense?
So what I'll do?
I would just pop mine.
My name as well.
Yeah.
How do I send it in the chat?
Maybe it's? Yeah, it's easier.
Yeah, yeah, I I I will. I'll add
mine to the Charter chat as well
and then OK, maybe I will, I'll
put them together first like you
suggested and then we can help
and then I'll put it, put it in
the chat.
Ohh.
That's right.
OK.
Stay.
The.
And for some reason it says, uh,
something went wrong while
sharing.
Ohh.
Yeah, I don't know what's what's
wrong with this.
Teams.
Let's see if I can share mine.
And.
Project.
Ohh yeah, same here.
I cannot.
I think the issue is with the
teams.
I can't share.
Yeah, maybe we have to trust.
Try try again later, because at
least.
In our company, the teams has
had massive issues like for the
last couple of weeks so.
OK.
I I don't like the application.
Yeah.
OK.
This.
I still don't understand why
Microsoft bought Skype and then
killed it.
Yeah.
Yes, Skype was good.
Skype was good.
Yeah.
The bought it and then they
killed it.
To be when we first started
using teams, it was, yeah, it
Yeah.
was a nightmare. You couldn't
join colds, colds used to
Yeah.
disconnect randomly.
Hmm.
Yeah.
But if I think they fix, they've
been fixing the issues in the
Yeah, yeah.
last few years.
It it is getting better.
It is getting in bed cause I I
remember at the beginning you
couldn't. Um, we couldn't make
external calls. So like when we
have contractors that are not
within the company.
And and and we needed to do like
a. You know we needed to do.
Yeah.
If it's not, if it's if, then we
needed to do a meeting online.
Then they're just it was.
We still had to use something
like.
A Cisco application or whatever.
Then then.
That's just, yeah, so.
Anyway.
So yeah, maybe we'll give it
another go tonight or tomorrow
and try and share that and and
then once I receive or or we can
Yeah.
just e-mail it. Actually, why
don't we just e-mail it? Let's
see.
Yeah, it's a good.
Yeah, that's true. I can't send
it by e-mail as well.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, she's just e-mail it
to me. I will. Um.
Yep.
Yeah, I'll add it to this and
then I will, I'll share it back
with everything with everyone.
Yeah.
And so we'll have that as well.
And then if we confirm with them
tomorrow and if he says we can.
We can have it on Trello and
then we'll. Yeah. I mean, Trello
Ohh.
looks really nice. I mean, I
haven't used it in ages.
Actually, the last time I used
Trello, it wasn't. It didn't
belong to Atlassian, it was
still.
It will still come. It was still
a company on its own so.
And that was ages ago.
The but. But is it so? So do you
use it at work, Dennis?
Ohh will use there's different.
Yeah.
They're called. We use it. We
use a different ones. There's a
there's a lot of different ones.
There's jira. You probably had a
Yeah.
JIRA.
Yeah, yeah, we is here, yeah.
Yeah, there's we use Rooney as
well.
Yeah.
There's another uncle Raleigh.
So the company, the company that
owns Jura, now owns Trello.
Yeah, they don't try not larger
that the whole point of these
Yeah, yeah.
applications is.
For the Kanban board.
Yeah, that's that's that's
that's why I was saying, no, we
Yeah, yeah.
still need to do that anyway.
And I think he wants to see that
Yeah.
Umm.
Yeah.
he want. He wants to see part.
Part of what we're gonna have to
submit is that, you know, you,
you.
At every, at every point we you
do your with, you've got your
feature that's broken down into
user stories, and then we picked
the user story you're working
on, and then you'll progress it
through the.
Show that.
Through the columns were there
to do what there is in progress
done and all that.
Yeah.
Yeah. So I think it it will, it
wants to see that and I'm
Yeah.
guessing.
Maybe it won't get a chance to
do it cause this this bit now
has to end at the weekend.
Umm.
Is that right? So. And if we're
doing one?
Yeah.
Um.
One stand up.
A week. Then, I suppose we
wouldn't. I thought we were
gonna have to show.
So that users use the story and
the and the progress we're
making in the.
And the next one, but I guess it
will be just be in the next
phase.
Yeah.
Is what I'm saying. Yeah, it
would just be in the next phase
and I'm on Monday.
We will have to have, we will
have to have stuff on the board
to say this is what we are
doing, this is so we will feel
more like a like a stand up
then.
Hmm.
Yeah, this was more of a
brainstorm meeting, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Okay cool.
Yeah.
All right. Is there, is there
anything else we need to, I
suppose I suppose we also need
to.
Um.
We also need to talk about how
the work of at this stage is
gonna we're gonna do, and we're
gonna do it.
What? What sort of?
Yeah. Well, I think we should.
Yeah, we should at least
consider that because this deal
we need.
To submit it by Sunday right for
phase one.
Yeah, yeah.
I was gonna share codea.
Right.
Just to discuss phase one.
But we have OK there this bit
where we're gonna work on the
requirements and the features
and yeah.
Yeah.
By the other thing is that
prototype.
Yeah, that's that's the
prototype.
What, as far as I understood.
What we need to have is.
To be able to display the map on
the page.
Hmm.
Right. And the match could take
up the whole page if I saw it
Yeah.
correctly, right?
I wanna see that someone you're
saying?
Them up. Yeah, the mop should
take up the entire page.
Yeah.
OK.
Hmm.
Yeah.
So we're all.
We're all in a Korea meant that
we will use Google Maps. It's
Yeah.
that's what we decided, yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We we, we
decided that Google Maps.
Yep.
Okay.
The match should take.
Use a separate file CSS that
makes and then.
We need to represent each
vehicle using this icon.
Hmm.
A notice if you inspect.
Yeah.
You can you can get there.
OK.
You can get the media.
I mean, it's in the it's in
that, um, what's the code? It's
Ohh.
in that is it the doc docs.
If you go into that dog's is in
there.
Oh. Oh, is it alright?
Ohh I didn't see that. OK,
that's good to know.
So um.
Don't work for me.
Can you?
Am I think I sorted now just
now.
You want to share your screen.
Yeah, one SEC.
Is in tax.
This is it.
That's the.
It's not ducks, I lied.
Said guides.
Yeah.
OK.
It's not even showing it there.
I don't know how you but.
It's, um, let me just now.
Can I take over?
Yeah, yeah, sure. Go go for it.
Yeah.
So.
I I done that I I think I tried
to get it out though but cause I
remember in class he was showing
us how to download it.
Um, but I am G.
So that's it there. It's in this
folder.
Which is not showing up here.
For some reason it's not enough
fir tree.
Hmm.
But it's if you go there, it's
that's it that capped the PNG.
OK.
Um, I wonder.
Whether you can come to see Dean
to that.
And then.
I don't know.
Download it somehow and the.
Yeah, download it somehow.
Yeah.
But it's this, this, this is not
what I'm saying. What you can
see here, I don't know what this
is then.
It doesn't even give you the
spot. One master whatever.
I don't know.
Yeah. Because when he when he
did this, he just did something
like this here.
Yeah.
I did an export as zip.
But there's nothing in that
folder.
That's completely empty.
Although.
Yeah, I don't. I don't know how
we get it.
I doubt.
I said.
We could, I think we should. We
should ask that tomorrow and
The.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
lecture.
Yeah.
That doesn't even have 3.
Yeah, yeah, I will ask that
tomorrow.
Yeah.
Cause I don't, I don't know but,
but anyway that's.
I'm guessing the first thing is
to find a way to display the.
Display the map with those with
those points. That's. That's the
Yeah.
first thing.
Ohh.
Did you did you manage it to
sort out your key?
Dennis.
I I no, I didn't get round to
it. Did of your of your above
It.
Yeah.
got a Pi keys?
No.
Google.
Ohh.
I think I I was looking at it.
On Friday, the.
That din?
Yeah, suppose.
That that's that's the.
Them the minimum to do tonight
is the.
Get the key and make sure that
that can do the connexion and.
Just see the map. At least, even
if I haven't worked that out to
do the how to put the data in
and.
And displayed those points.
Ohh yeah.
Yeah, I think so. I'll do the
same.
Yeah. OK.
Yep.
Um.
That's one I did a bit of
research.
That's one.
Document I found which could be
useful.
Ohh share it with you.
Okay.
That's someone who did.
A very similar thing displaying
Google Maps.
Just share my screen. Ohh I'll
share this link with you both
OK.
forgot.
Ohh, there's a flux cast
extension.
Ohh.
OK.
Or Google Maps.
And what you need, you easier to
use Google Maps in your last
application. What you need is
Ginger, flask and a Google API
Hmm.
key.
OK.
And.
You can install.
This.
Package. I guess there's a flask
Google Maps package.
Yeah.
And then.
And then you can.
And they should raise it a
guess.
Give your APIPI key.
Hmm.
Um.
Ohh wow.
Then in template at, I didn't
read too much into it, but it
looks very very useful.
And then you can create the map
in the view and send it
something.
That is, that is the work done.
Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
Yeah.
That's what that's exactly what
I thought when.
Alright, I I don't know how
they're gonna feel about that,
but that is.
Yeah.
But I can't. I need to send it
to you guys. I can't send it in
the group because they're both
there.
Yeah.
Ohh, probably I'll e-mail it to
you.
Send it in WhatsApp.
Yeah, maybe what?
Ohh.
Yeah, I think I'll e-mail it
cause he's yeah.
Yeah. Ohh OK.
And you can see you can
actually.
You can you the roots, you can
now.
Yeah.
Great them up.
Yeah.
And then you can display icons
on the map.
OK.
The.
I guess the only thing, yeah.
Ohh you you it's the locations I
had coded but you will be a
Yeah, it's alright. So someone
was able to do something like
this.
Yeah.
trivia test to figure out how
to.
Hmm.
Yeah. So for example someone.
Using this code you'll get
something like this, right?
Yeah.
You can see.
Hmm.
Ohh yeah, that's part one. Phase
one done pretty much, yeah.
OK.
Ah.
OK.
Alright, I'll send it to you
both and we can have a crack at
Yeah.
it.
Yeah.
Yep.
Let's see how we get on.
Yeah.
OK, so should we?
What?
After class tomorrow, see see
where we are.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Okay.
Alright, cool.
Ohh cool, I just realised.
I should have stopped recording
that part.
Bad.